API Review: PDF toolbar customization (#1452)
MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback: specs/HiddenPdfToolbarItems.md

# Background

> When open a PDF file in Edge, there will be a toolbar at the top. The toolbar provide the functionality like print, save and annotation.

Reviewer: Just a few minor text fixes
```suggestion
When opening a PDF file in Edge, there will be a toolbar at the top. The toolbar provides functionality like print, save and adding annotations.
```

Author: Some stupid faults. I will be more careful with syntax.

> And this PDF viewer is also available in WebView2. And we provide the API to enable users to customization the PDF toolbar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This PDF viewer is also available in WebView2. And we provide this new API to enable end developers to customize the PDF toolbar.
```

# Description

> We add a new `HiddenPdfToolbarItems` property in `CoreWebView2Settings`. This API allows users to hide buttons on the PDF toolbar. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We add a new `HiddenPdfToolbarItems` property in `CoreWebView2Settings`. This API allows end developers to hide buttons on the PDF toolbar. 
```

{
    var coreWebView2Settings = _webView.CoreWebView2.Settings;
    if(WebViewSettings.HiddenPdfToolbarItems == CoreWebView2PdfToolbarItem.Save | CoreWebView2PdfToolbarItem.Print)
    {
        WebViewSettings.HiddenPdfToolbarItems = CoreWebView2PdfToolbarItem.None;
    }
    else
    {
        WebViewSettings.HiddenPdfToolbarItems = CoreWebView2PdfToolbarItem.Save;
    }
}
```

# API Notes
See [API Details](#api-details) section below for API reference.

# API Details
## Win32 C++
```c#
/// Specifies the PDF toolbar item types used for the `ICoreWebView2StagingSettings::put_HiddenPdfToolbarItems` method.
[v1_enum]
typedef enum COREWEBVIEW2_PDF_TOOLBAR_ITEM {

  /// No item

  COREWEBVIEW2_PDF_TOOLBAR_ITEM_NONE  = 0x0,

  /// The save button

  COREWEBVIEW2_PDF_TOOLBAR_ITEM_SAVE  = 0x0001,

  /// The print button

  COREWEBVIEW2_PDF_TOOLBAR_ITEM_PRINT  = 0x0002,

  /// The save as button

  COREWEBVIEW2_PDF_TOOLBAR_ITEM_SAVE_AS  = 0x0004,

} COREWEBVIEW2_PDF_TOOLBAR_ITEM;
cpp_quote("DEFINE_ENUM_FLAG_OPERATORS(COREWEBVIEW2_PDF_TOOLBAR_ITEM);")

[uuid(183e7052-1d03-43a0-ab99-98e043b66b39), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2Settings6 : ICoreWebView2Settings5 {

>   /// `HiddenPdfToolbarItems` is used to customize the PDF toolbar items. By default, it displays all of the items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  /// `HiddenPdfToolbarItems` is used to customize the PDF toolbar items. By default, it is  COREWEBVIEW2_PDF_TOOLBAR_ITEM_NONE and so it displays all of the items.
```

>   /// `HiddenPdfToolbarItems` is used to customize the PDF toolbar items. By default, it displays all of the items.

Reviewer: If I recall from a different conversation this setting applies to more than just this CoreWebView2, correct? Does it apply to all CoreWebView2s using the same browser process and profile? If so, we need to specify this in the documentation here. 
```suggestion
  /// `HiddenPdfToolbarItems` is used to customize the PDF toolbar items. By default, it displays all of the items.
  /// Changes to this property apply to all CoreWebView2s in the same environment and using the same profile.
```

>   /// \snippet SettingsComponent.cpp ToggleHidePdfToolbarItems

Reviewer: Changes to this setting only apply on the next navigation, correct?
```suggestion
  /// Changes to this setting apply only after the next navigation.
  /// \snippet SettingsComponent.cpp ToggleHidePdfToolbarItems
```
